Victoria

Victoria started her yoga journey in 2010. After 7 years of hot practice, she wanted to deepen her yoga experience – Vinyasa training was the call. Victoria did her 200 hour Teacher Training with Mike Nichols in Vancouver. It was the perfect compliment to her hot practice.

The Vinyasa training, practice and teachings strengthened all aspects of her personal practice and opened the door to a world of change, new experiences and unlimited possibilities! With this powerful transformation constantly unfolding and presenting new challenges, Victoria finds inspiration from her teacher, Mike, who says, “You have everything you need to be here!” Victoria is committed to the yogic path and strives to pass a variety of yogic lineages onto to all levels of yogis from beginners to advanced practitioners.

Come join Victoria on this joyful and constantly changing path!


Kaylen

Kaylen is certified as a 500 hour Yoga teacher, BASI Pilates Instructor, and a Psychosomatic Therapist. She has a deep understanding of how and why we move our bodies. Her classes are therefore alignment based and accessible to every ‘level’ of being. The foundation of Kaylen’s offerings are based more on your own personal intention and honouring the physical and emotional body that you arrive with.

Kaylen empowers you to meet yourself anew each day, to really allow your Be-ing to express authentically.

“Through every breath, every transition, every posture you can choose to align towards what is purposeful in your life, where then a true balance is restored that radiates into your life from within.”



Tami

Tami is a Blissology inspired Yoga Instructor & Holistic Aesthetician, deeply intrigued by the human experience. She trusts that we have everything we need to live happy and healthy lives already programmed within, sometimes we just need encouragement and space held to remind us of our truth.

To Tami, Yoga is her medicine. The practice has been in her life since her early teenage years. Her mat quickly became a centre for healing anxiety, physical and spiritual imbalances, always reminding her that we are bigger than our problems.

Tami’s life mission is to create these spaces for healing, to encourage growth, so we can all build a life of light + love, embodying peace in vulnerability.


Marcus

Starting his professional life as a stand-up comic, writer and musician, Marcus moved to Vancouver with his band in 2001, ready for Hollywood . Shortly after discovering the self-discipline and unparalleled vitality yoga could bring, Marcus became a certified Bikram yoga instructor in 2002. Yoga soon become both a career and a lifelong passion and his journey continued to transform. In 2003 Marcus became certified Qi Gong teacher and began to teach both disciplines. He later went onto receive his Y Yoga 200 Hour Certification in 2012 and created his own yoga series Hot Prana. In 2016 he published his first book Shamanic Graffiti. In 2017 Marcus became a certified Yin teacher and went on to lead his first Hot Prana Teacher Training.

Marcus continues to pull inspiration for his teaching through his passion for music, writing and his Qi Gong practice.


Lindsay

Lindsay’s teaching is informed from her 15 years of practice. She has trained in Vinyasa, Ashtanga, Iyengar, and Anusara lineages. She has taken mindfulness trainings, studied in ashrams in India, sweat in the hot room, and spent time with her teachers around the world. In 2019, Lindsay will obtain her 500 Hour Registered Yoga Teacher designation with the Yoga Alliance.

Lindsay has been offering yoga and meditation to the public for 9 years, and believes that all styles of yoga contain benefits and yoga really is for every body!

Lindsay’s classes will help you find union with your body and mind, guiding you to coordinate movement and breath. Expect to laugh, sweat, and be warmly encouraged through your practice. Come laugh, play, and move mindfully.


Sarah

Yoga has given Sarah the gift of learning to live in the moment as it is. The power of conscious breath has helped her act with awareness and grace through some of the most challenging moments life has to offer. In 2008 Sarah graduated with her 500hr teacher training from Shakti Mhi at Prana Yoga College, including Yin training with Bernie Clarke and Kundalini YTT with Gloria Latham. With great respect for foundation and alignment Sarah teaches both an energy-based practice to strengthen the body and free the mind, as well as a loving and gentle practice to nourish mind, body and spirit. Sarah believes breath is the music that allows the body to dance through a moving meditation and encourages students to let go of their story and connect with their true essence. With a constant hunger to expand her knowledge and deepen her meditation practice, you can expect Sarah to continuously be evolving with passion and joy. “Life is meant to be lived.”



Marion

Marion turned to hot yoga in 2009, after numerous injuries from competitive sports. It didn't take long for her to realize that she wanted to share the amazing hot practice with as many people as possible. Over the last few years Marion has added hatha, yin and restorative yoga into her personal practice and class offerings. Marion’s background in music and the performing arts inspired her to develop the Soundsation Yin class, creating deeper awareness and connection to our environment. Yoga has been integral in helping Marion stay out of the operating room, enjoying life to the fullest!



Noelle

Arriving back in Tsawwassen from the UK in 2007, Noelle took her first NIA class, and it changed her life. Noelle knew during the class that this was exactly what she wanted to do. Through every hurdle Noelle fought her way in to the city, taking classes weekly with the determination that one day, she would hold the space.

In June of 2016 Noelle received her white belt in Squamish with Martha Randell. Noelle’s dream is to share a sacred place where you can break down your walls, fall in to yourself and love being in your body. Every day Noelle is grateful for NIA, for her students, for the joy of movement, and for the seduction of music.

.



Tara

Tara is E-RYT certified in Power Yoga, Gentle Therapeutics, Restorative, Pre/Post Natal and Sports Injury Yoga. With her vast back ground and experience, Tara is able to specifically design and tailor your yoga instruction to meet your personal fitness goals all while working together in a relaxing environment.

Tara’s passion for health and wellness began when she was a young adult, after being diagnosed with a blood and intestinal illness. Tara found wellness through yoga, diet and a focused mind to conquer a disease that doctors told her likely wasn’t possible.

Today Tara is strong and healthy, and excited to share her passion and drive with others who seek to experience the benefits of yoga in their lives.


Onkar

Yogi Onkar first experienced the awesome healing power of yoga in 2002. Since then he has been on a journey of self realization and discovery.

Onkar completed his first teacher training in 2009 with the Bikram Yoga College of India. Several years later he became a Kids/Family Yoga instructor when he completed his Kids Yoga training in 2014 and later went on to take his Rad yoga teacher training in 2016.

Yogi Onkar teaches with enthusiasm, energy, fun humour and a great deal of compassion.

“Come and experience something special for yourself. You’ll be so excited you did!”


Stefanie

Stef is a 240 hour Yoga Alliance Certified Yoga Teacher with specific training in Yin Yoga. She believes life is a series of changes and Yoga is practicing a way of life to bring focus back to the centre, to create balance amongst these fluctuations and changes.Stef has a deep inner drive to help others, serving them with the knowledge and teachings she has gained that have better improved her life.

Stef teaches from her own experiences of mind-body; the different mental struggles, emotional challenges, injuries / habitual postures and practices that have caused her pain, in hopes to aid others in utilizing Yoga practice as a self healing tool. Her classes are dedicated to an emphasis on creating strong foundations and allowing them to grow into non injurious forms and expressions of body shapes. Building strong tissues of the body slowly, with correct alignment, is more important to her than how far or how pretty an attempt at a posture is.

You will always receive a long Savasana in Stef’s classes, as she believes this is the best part of the practice! “Savasana allows time to absorb all your efforts, to relax and be openly receptive to the Universe’s subtle yet powerful flow.”



Steve

Steve started practicing yoga in 2000, and has been teaching since 2001. He has studied with John Friend, Baron Baptiste, Ana Forrest, Bikram Choudhury, Paul Grilley and many other amazing teachers from all over the world. Steve has years of study and certification from several yoga schools, including the Bikram Yoga College of India, the Baptiste Institute, and the Anusara School of Hatha Yoga.

Steve has travelled the world teaching yoga, including 3 years in Hong Kong, 1 year in Australia, and 6 years as a studio owner/director in Vancouver, Canada. Nearly 2 decades of study in various practices of healing and schools of philosophy, have provided Steve with a deep understanding of the human condition. With his background as a Physical Therapist, and as a multi-sport athlete, he has gained extensive knowledge of the human body.

Steve’s wealth of experience, and easy-going nature, make his classes both playful and sweet, as well as mindful and deep.